For the second straight year, Liverpool win their battle of European titans, beating Real Madrid 1-0 at Anfield thanks to Mac Allister's second-half goal. It had seemed that an inspired performance from Madrid 'keeper Courtois - who has history against the Reds - would preserve a point for Los Blancos, but Szoboszlai's free-kick found Mac Allister in the box, and the diminutive Argentinian headed home just after the hour mark. The visitors failed to record even one shot on target during the second half, finishing up with a modest xG of 0.45 compared to Liverpool's 2.58 overall, so the hosts fully deserved maximum points. Szoboszlai had been thwarted by Courtois several times before the break, while Ekitike couldn't quite beat the big Belgian after half-time; yet converting one set-piece was enough to earn Slot's side the points and spoil Xabi Alonso's latest return. The two teams are now locked on nine points in the Champions League table, and they'll resume their campaigns after the upcoming international break. Next up for a resurgent Liverpool will be Sunday's Premier League showdown with Manchester City, while Real Madrid must visit local rivals Rayo Vallecano in LaLiga. That's all from Anfield today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!

90’
+6
FULL-TIME: LIVERPOOL 1-0 REAL MADRID

90’
+5
Żółta kartka
A rugged challenge on Chiesa in the centre-circle costs Carreras a late booking, after which Xabi Alonso is also shown a yellow card for his protests.

Alvaro Carreras
90’
+4
Two subs almost combine to split Madrid's exposed defence, but Courtois comes of his line to stop Chiesa latching onto a low throughball by Gakpo. Time is running out for Real Madrid, as Xabi Alonso grows ever more animated on the touchline.

90’
+3
Can Real Madrid carve out one late chance to snatch a point? Otherwise, it'll be back-to-back defeats at Anfield - and just Los Blancos' second loss of this season.

90’
+1
There will be at least five minutes added for stoppages at the end of this absorbing Champions League clash. Kerkez is cleared to continue, with play already back under way.

90’
Zmiana
While freshly arrived sub Kerkez receives treatment for an injury, Real Madrid make one more change: Valverde is replaced by the mercurial Brahim Diaz.

Brahim Diaz

Federico Valverde
88’
Zmiana
Slot also makes a straight swap at left-back: Robertson is applauded off as Kerkez comes on.

Milos Kerkez

Andrew Robertson
88’
Zmiana
Following another promising performance, Wirtz departs; Chiesa will replace the German playmaker in Liverpool's attack.

Federico Chiesa

Florian Wirtz
87’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
DOUBLE CHANCE! Salah brilliantly beats two men on the right and then tees up Gakpo in the centre of Madrid's box, but the substitute fires straight at ball magnet Courtois from five yards. On the rebound, Salah reacts first; however, his goalbound effort is superbly blocked by Militao!
85’
Salah tries to bundle his way through into the box, but Tchouameni holds him off. Another Liverpool goal would finish this contest now, but it remains very much in the balance at Anfield.

83’
Continuing his recent revival, the vastly experienced Robertson makes a smart intervention to win Liverpool a goal-kick, just when Rodrygo poses a real threat near the right byline.

81’
Zmiana
After Real Madrid waste a rare corner, the moment arrives: Alexander-Arnold becomes just the second Englishman to play both for and against Liverpool in the European Cup, after Nottingham Forest’s Larry Lloyd in September 1978. Inevitably, he's accompanied by boos.

Trent Alexander-Arnold

Arda Güler
79’
Zmiana
Meanwhile, up front, Gakpo will take the place of Ekitike.

Cody Gakpo

Hugo Ekitike
79’
Zmiana
Slot finally makes his first changes: in midfield, opening goalscorer Mac Allister is replaced by Jones.

Curtis Jones

Alexis Mac Allister
77’
After surging forward from left-back, Robertson almost finds Salah in space, but Carreras does well on the cover, sweeping up any danger deep inside his own area.

75’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
CLOSE! Mbappe almost levels it! Again played in by Vinicius Junior on the left side of Liverpool's box, Madrid's French maestro attempts a first-time strike. However, his shot spins just a few inches wide of the right-hand post!
74’
Real Madrid are now having a little more of the ball, and Anfield has been quietened somewhat. Vinicius Junior and Mbappe combine on the left, briefly opening up a slither of space, before the latter's shot is blocked at close range by Gravenberch.

72’
For all their recent woes, it must be remembered that Liverpool have won 20 of their last 22 home Champions League group or league-phase games, scoring at least twice in each of the last 14. They've lived up to that billing tonight.

69’
Zmiana
With his side struggling to get a grip, Xabi Alonso makes his first change - and it's an attacking one. Rodrygo replaces Camavinga.

Rodrygo

Eduardo Camavinga
68’
Remarkably, Mac Allister's most recent Champions League goal came last November, when he also put the Liverpool 1-0 up at Anfield against Real Madrid. Will this one ultimately go the hosts' way too?

66’
Fortunately, Wirtz is cleared to continue as play resumes at Anfield. As we enter the final quarter of this match, Liverpool's chance of victory has shot up to 71% - that's according to Opta's live win predictor. They're looking quite comfortable at the moment.

65’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
Soon after the joy of going in front, there's pain for Wirtz. He's struck by Mbappe's arm in a midfield challenge, so treatment is now required for a blow to the head.
63’
VAR
GOAL STANDS! The home fans celebrate all over again! After a tense VAR check, it's confirmed that Mac Allister was onside as he headed home Liverpool's first goal.
61’
Asysta
Having been thwarted by Courtois on several occasions, Szoboszlai sets up Liverpool's opener by swinging over an accurate free-kick from the right flank.

Dominik Szoboszlai
61’
Gol!
GOAL!!! LIVERPOOL FINALLY LEAD! From a free-kick conceded by Bellingham, the Reds' set-piece specialist whips over a cross to the near post. Mac Allister sneaks into space and powers his header past the previously unbeatable Courtois! It's 1-0 to Liverpool at Anfield!

Alexis Mac Allister
0,34
xG
0,29
xGOT
60’
Żółta kartka
On his 50th Champions League appearance, Bellingham chops down Gravenberch with an ugly tackle. He'll also go into the referee's notebook.

Jude Bellingham
59’
After progressing to the edge of Liverpool's area, Carreras then manages to sneak past two more defenders before trying to feed a team-mate in the six-yard box. However, his ball along the face of goal is wayward and no-one wearing white can reach it.

58’
As in the first half, Liverpool's intense start seems to have dimmed a little over the past few minutes. Real Madrid have perhaps ridden the storm, and surely their attacking stars will find some space eventually?

56’
Nothing comes of Liverpool's latest set-piece, and there have been a flurry since the restart. The hosts have had 13 attempts to just five for Real Madrid so far, but they've yet to beat an inspired Courtois.

54’
A crunching challenge by Tchouameni brings down the increasingly influential Szoboszlai. The latter is likely to take the subsequent free-kick, from approaching 30 yards out on the right.

52’
Żółta kartka
For hauling back an escaping Mbappe in midfield, Mac Allister accepts a booking.

Alexis Mac Allister
51’
After Gravenberch wins a free-kick around five yards outside Real Madrid's area, Szoboszlai powers his shot towards the centre of the goal with a little dip. Of course, the outstanding Courtois is equal to it, punching the ball well clear of danger.

49’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
DOUBLE CHANCE! Ekitike twice goes close! First, he is the latest player to be thwarted by an excellent Courtois with a close-range header. From the subsequent corner, Liverpool's French forward nods just inches wide of the left-hand post! Real Madrid are on the ropes!
48’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SUPER SAVE! Wirtz delivers a dangerous corner-kick from the left, which is flicked on at the near post and falls perfectly for Van Dijk. Around five yards out, Liverpool's skipper heads towards the target, but Courtois reaches up to make a superb reaction stop!
46’
Real Madrid kick off, and we're back under way at Anfield!

Towards the end of that half, Liverpool almost resorted to a long-shot contest, with seven of their nine attempt coming from outside the area - Szoboszlai and Mac Allister tried three apiece. Could that be a deliberate tactic? It seems like a particularly tough way to beat Courtois. The latter has just made four first-half saves for only the seventh time in a Champions League match, and three of those instances have been against Liverpool - including five stops during his virtuoso display in the 2022 final. He really is the Reds' nemesis.

An entertaining first half at Anfield ends all square: it's still goalless between Liverpool and Real Madrid in their latest Champions League contest. The Reds started brightly before Los Blancos belatedly found their rhythm. Several stars have shone briefly, but it was Courtois that has made the biggest contribution, pulling off three saves from Szoboszlai and another from Mac Allister just before the break. Meanwhile, Marmadashvili's only task of note was to shut out a close-range shot by Bellingham, and Madrid trail on xG - with 0.21 to Liverpool's 0.71 so far. There was also a potential penalty for the home side, but a VAR check prompted the referee to decide Tchouameni had not deliberately handled the ball. It remains finely poised.

45’
+3
HALF-TIME: LIVERPOOL 0-0 REAL MADRID

45’
+2
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SAVE! In the second and final minute of indicated stoppage time, Courtois makes his latest sharp stop! This time, Mac Allister tries his luck from just over 20 yards out, hammering a shot towards the bottom-left corner; Madrid's star performer is down quickly to tip it away!
45’
+1
Żółta kartka
Having stepped up into midfield, Huijsen recklessly upends Ekitike with a mistimed tackle. That's a very clear yellow card.

Dean Huijsen
45’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SAVE! Mamardashvili makes two quick stops. First, he blocks Bellingham's low shot from near the left byline, before Vinicius Junior tees up Guler for a 25-yard strike. The latter cracks his shot straight at Liverpool's Georgian goalkeeper.
43’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
GREAT STOP! Courtois to the rescue again! The big Belgian denies Szoboszlai for a third time today, leaping across at full stretch to parry away a fierce angled strike! It was heading for the left side of the net at top speed: brilliant goalkeeping!
42’
Bellingham hacks down Wirtz with a rough tackle but escapes without a booking, as a once open and free-flowing contest starts to stutter. It's getting ever more attritional as we approach half-time.

40’
Now, Vinicius Junior hurls himself over in the home side's area, after Bradley's outstretched arm catches the Brazilian winger's mouth. Once again, the referee declines to pay any interest.

38’
Following a last-ditch challenge from Robertson, just inside Liverpool's area, Guler topples to the turf. His appeals for a penalty are ignored, but it didn't look like Robertson got much of the ball.

36’
Szoboszlai tests Courtois once again, albeit this time from much further out. Around 25 yards from goal, he scuttles a low attempt towards the bottom-left corner, but Madrid's goalkeeper gets down comfortably to make a simple stop.

34’
The jeers continue to reverberate around Anfield, but Tchouameni could hardly have had his arms tucked in any more - and Szoboszlai's shot was struck straight at him from close range. Still, Liverpool seem to be getting closer to an opening goal.

32’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
NO PENALTY! Real Madrid breathe again! After taking another look on his pitchside monitor, the referee decides that Tchouameni didn't deliberately handle the ball. So, it doesn't really matter whether it happened inside or outside the area: play on!
30’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
PENALTY FOR LIVERPOOL? Salah drifts inside from the right and tees up Szoboszlai, who gets off a trademark rocket from just outside the box. His shot careers straight into Tchouameni, though, and it looks to have clearly hit the midfielder's arm. The referee signals for a free-kick, but there's some dispute about whether it's in or outside the area, so the VAR will take a look!
28’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SUPER SAVE! Courtois keeps Madrid level! When Wirtz slips Szoboszlai through, the Liverpool man is one-on-one with Real Madrid's goalkeeper. The latter rushes out to narrow the angle and makes a superb point-blank save with his outstretched leg! Surely, Szoboszlai had to score!
27’
After lining a shot up from outside the area, Tchouameni scuffs a low shot well wide of the left-hand post; Mbappe tries to get a late toe on it but fails.

25’
Just after the midpoint of this first half, Opta's live win predictor has Liverpool as slim favourites to prevail: the Reds have a 39% chance of victory as things stand, compared to 34% for Real Madrid. That does reflect how finely balanced it's been so far.

23’
Żółta kartka
After being beaten by Bradley, Vinicius Junior can only haul the Northern Ireland international back - and at the cost of a booking. He'll have to be particularly careful from now on.

Vinicius Junior
21’
Stealing the ball away from Vinicius Junior on the very edge of his own box, Bradley wins the latest round of their fascinating duel. Moments later, Van Dijk arrives just a little late into a tackle on Mbappe, conceding a free-kick around 35 yards from Liverpool's goal.

19’
Guler is getting more involved now, as Real Madrid advance several yards up the pitch. Now, it's Liverpool who are having to sit back and absorb some pressure; LaLiga's leaders are finding some rhythm.

17’
Mbappe follows in the footsteps of Mac Allister at the other end, after Vinicius Junior plays a low ball across from the left, which is touched off by Bellingham. From around 20 yards out, Mbappe sends his shot scudding high over the crossbar.

16’
Anfield quietens before breaking into a chorus of whistles and jeers, as Vinicius Junior and Mbappe link up on the left. Every time they advance, there's always a sense something incredible can happen.

14’
Szoboszlai interrupts a rare spell of Real Madrid possession, as Liverpool's intense high pressing goes on. So far, the Reds have looked back to their best - not at all like a team that has lost four of the last five in England's top flight.

12’
Liverpool are continuing to dictate play, with Madrid settling back into a compact defensive structure. Even Mbappe is prowling about inside his own half.

10’
When Wirtz wins possession on the right byline, Liverpool have Real Madrid on the back foot. Szoboszlai then picks out Mac Allister, who is waiting just outside the box, but the latter's 20-yard shot is sent high into the night air. Courtois can watch on as it sails over the crossbar.

8’
Bradley fells Vincius Junior, as the pair's duel continues. As a result, Real Madrid have a free-kick on the left side of the Liverpool box, but Guler plays it short and the set-piece situation ultimately comes to nothing.

6’
Vinicius Junior makes a first foray into Liverpool's area, but the home side eventually deal with the threat. Moments later, the brilliant Brazilian throws a few stepovers and tries to wriggle past Bradley, but the young defender stands firm.

4’
These clubs have faced each other on 12 previous occasions in Europe's top competition, including three finals. Indeed, this is the eighth time they've met since the start of the 2017-18 season, with Real Madrid winning five of the other seven. But can Liverpool make it back-to-back wins today? They've certainly started well.

2’
A promising start for the hosts pins Real Madrid back, but their intense pressure finally ends when Bradley plays through Ekitike, whose flicked pass fails to reach Wirtz in the area. Courtois comes out to claim the ball.

1’
Wearing all red - Real Madrid are clad in their classic white kits - Liverpool kick off. We're under way at Anfield!

The players are out at Anfield. So, after an airing for the iconic Champions League anthem, kick-off in this big continental clash will be just moments away!

Alexander-Arnold misses out on a start against his boyhood club, as Valverde continues to deputise in defence; Real Madrid’s first-choice right-back Dani Carvajal is on an injury list also featuring Antonio Rudiger, David Alaba and Franco Mastantuono. Meanwhile, in midfield, Bellingham makes his 50th Champions League appearance - aged just 22 years and 128 days - and becomes the youngest player to reach that landmark.

Liverpool make a single change from their victory over Villa: Wirtz returns to Reds' attack, with Gakpo dropping to the bench. While record signing Alexander Isak is still unavailable, Jones has now recovered from a groin problem, leaving Alisson Becker, Giovanni Leoni and Jeremie Frimpong on the sidelines.

SUBS: Andrii Lunin, Endrick, Rodrygo, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Gonzalo Garcia, Raul Asencio, Dani Ceballos, Fran Garcia, Brahim Diaz, Ferland Mendy, Fran Gonzalez.

REAL MADRID (4-1-4-1): Thibaut Courtois; Federico Valverde, Eder Militao, Dean Huijsen, Alvaro Carreras; Aurelien Tchouameni;  Arda Guler, Jude Bellingham, Eduardo Camavinga, Vinicius Junior; Kylian Mbappe.

SUBS: Freddie Woodman, Joe Gomez, Wataru Endo, Milos Kerkez, Federico Chiesa, Curtis Jones, Cody Gakpo, Rio Ngumoha, Kornel Misciur.

LIVERPOOL (4-2-3-1): Giorgi Mamardashvili; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Ryan Gravenberch, Alexis Mac Allister; Mohamed Salah, Dominik Szoboszlai, Florian Wirtz; Hugo Ekitike.

After losing with Bayer Leverkusen last year, Real Madrid boss Xabi Alonso returns to Anfield once again, with his team in white-hot form. Having swept aside Marseille, Kairat and Juventus in the Champions League, Los Blancos have also seized control of LaLiga’s title race. Last week, they followed up their Clasico win against Barcelona with a 4-0 victory over Valencia; all but one of 14 games this season have now ended in triumph. The sole setback was a 5-2 derby loss to Atletico Madrid, who Liverpool have already beaten.

Two European giants cross paths again, after Liverpool beat Real Madrid 2-0 at Anfield in last season’s league phase, finally ending an eight-game losing run against Los Blancos. The Reds come into this contest after avoiding a fifth consecutive defeat in the Premier League, with Saturday’s victory over Aston Villa marking just their second win from eight games. The only other success during that dip was an emphatic Champions League thumping of Eintracht Frankfurt: Liverpool’s 5-1 win last month took them onto six points from a possible nine.

Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Champions League clash between familiar foes Liverpool and Real Madrid!