For the second straight year, Liverpool win their battle of European titans, beating Real Madrid 1-0 at Anfield thanks to Mac Allister's second-half goal. It had seemed that an inspired performance from Madrid 'keeper Courtois - who has history against the Reds - would preserve a point for Los Blancos, but Szoboszlai's free-kick found Mac Allister in the box, and the diminutive Argentinian headed home just after the hour mark. The visitors failed to record even one shot on target during the second half, finishing up with a modest xG of 0.45 compared to Liverpool's 2.58 overall, so the hosts fully deserved maximum points. Szoboszlai had been thwarted by Courtois several times before the break, while Ekitike couldn't quite beat the big Belgian after half-time; yet converting one set-piece was enough to earn Slot's side the points and spoil Xabi Alonso's latest return. The two teams are now locked on nine points in the Champions League table, and they'll resume their campaigns after the upcoming international break. Next up for a resurgent Liverpool will be Sunday's Premier League showdown with Manchester City, while Real Madrid must visit local rivals Rayo Vallecano in LaLiga. That's all from Anfield today, so thank you for joining us and goodbye!

87’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
DOUBLE CHANCE! Salah brilliantly beats two men on the right and then tees up Gakpo in the centre of Madrid's box, but the substitute fires straight at ball magnet Courtois from five yards. On the rebound, Salah reacts first; however, his goalbound effort is superbly blocked by Militao!
75’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
CLOSE! Mbappe almost levels it! Again played in by Vinicius Junior on the left side of Liverpool's box, Madrid's French maestro attempts a first-time strike. However, his shot spins just a few inches wide of the right-hand post!
65’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
Soon after the joy of going in front, there's pain for Wirtz. He's struck by Mbappe's arm in a midfield challenge, so treatment is now required for a blow to the head.
63’
VAR
GOAL STANDS! The home fans celebrate all over again! After a tense VAR check, it's confirmed that Mac Allister was onside as he headed home Liverpool's first goal.
61’
Asysta
Having been thwarted by Courtois on several occasions, Szoboszlai sets up Liverpool's opener by swinging over an accurate free-kick from the right flank.

Dominik Szoboszlai
61’
Gol!
GOAL!!! LIVERPOOL FINALLY LEAD! From a free-kick conceded by Bellingham, the Reds' set-piece specialist whips over a cross to the near post. Mac Allister sneaks into space and powers his header past the previously unbeatable Courtois! It's 1-0 to Liverpool at Anfield!

Alexis Mac Allister
0,34
xG
0,29
xGOT
49’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
DOUBLE CHANCE! Ekitike twice goes close! First, he is the latest player to be thwarted by an excellent Courtois with a close-range header. From the subsequent corner, Liverpool's French forward nods just inches wide of the left-hand post! Real Madrid are on the ropes!
48’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SUPER SAVE! Wirtz delivers a dangerous corner-kick from the left, which is flicked on at the near post and falls perfectly for Van Dijk. Around five yards out, Liverpool's skipper heads towards the target, but Courtois reaches up to make a superb reaction stop!
Towards the end of that half, Liverpool almost resorted to a long-shot contest, with seven of their nine attempt coming from outside the area - Szoboszlai and Mac Allister tried three apiece. Could that be a deliberate tactic? It seems like a particularly tough way to beat Courtois. The latter has just made four first-half saves for only the seventh time in a Champions League match, and three of those instances have been against Liverpool - including five stops during his virtuoso display in the 2022 final. He really is the Reds' nemesis.

An entertaining first half at Anfield ends all square: it's still goalless between Liverpool and Real Madrid in their latest Champions League contest. The Reds started brightly before Los Blancos belatedly found their rhythm. Several stars have shone briefly, but it was Courtois that has made the biggest contribution, pulling off three saves from Szoboszlai and another from Mac Allister just before the break. Meanwhile, Marmadashvili's only task of note was to shut out a close-range shot by Bellingham, and Madrid trail on xG - with 0.21 to Liverpool's 0.71 so far. There was also a potential penalty for the home side, but a VAR check prompted the referee to decide Tchouameni had not deliberately handled the ball. It remains finely poised.

45’
+2
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SAVE! In the second and final minute of indicated stoppage time, Courtois makes his latest sharp stop! This time, Mac Allister tries his luck from just over 20 yards out, hammering a shot towards the bottom-left corner; Madrid's star performer is down quickly to tip it away!
45’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SAVE! Mamardashvili makes two quick stops. First, he blocks Bellingham's low shot from near the left byline, before Vinicius Junior tees up Guler for a 25-yard strike. The latter cracks his shot straight at Liverpool's Georgian goalkeeper.
43’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
GREAT STOP! Courtois to the rescue again! The big Belgian denies Szoboszlai for a third time today, leaping across at full stretch to parry away a fierce angled strike! It was heading for the left side of the net at top speed: brilliant goalkeeping!
32’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
NO PENALTY! Real Madrid breathe again! After taking another look on his pitchside monitor, the referee decides that Tchouameni didn't deliberately handle the ball. So, it doesn't really matter whether it happened inside or outside the area: play on!
30’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
PENALTY FOR LIVERPOOL? Salah drifts inside from the right and tees up Szoboszlai, who gets off a trademark rocket from just outside the box. His shot careers straight into Tchouameni, though, and it looks to have clearly hit the midfielder's arm. The referee signals for a free-kick, but there's some dispute about whether it's in or outside the area, so the VAR will take a look!
28’
Najważniejsze wydarzenie
SUPER SAVE! Courtois keeps Madrid level! When Wirtz slips Szoboszlai through, the Liverpool man is one-on-one with Real Madrid's goalkeeper. The latter rushes out to narrow the angle and makes a superb point-blank save with his outstretched leg! Surely, Szoboszlai had to score!
The players are out at Anfield. So, after an airing for the iconic Champions League anthem, kick-off in this big continental clash will be just moments away!

SUBS: Andrii Lunin, Endrick, Rodrygo, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Gonzalo Garcia, Raul Asencio, Dani Ceballos, Fran Garcia, Brahim Diaz, Ferland Mendy, Fran Gonzalez.

REAL MADRID (4-1-4-1): Thibaut Courtois; Federico Valverde, Eder Militao, Dean Huijsen, Alvaro Carreras; Aurelien Tchouameni;  Arda Guler, Jude Bellingham, Eduardo Camavinga, Vinicius Junior; Kylian Mbappe.

SUBS: Freddie Woodman, Joe Gomez, Wataru Endo, Milos Kerkez, Federico Chiesa, Curtis Jones, Cody Gakpo, Rio Ngumoha, Kornel Misciur.

LIVERPOOL (4-2-3-1): Giorgi Mamardashvili; Conor Bradley, Ibrahima Konate, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Ryan Gravenberch, Alexis Mac Allister; Mohamed Salah, Dominik Szoboszlai, Florian Wirtz; Hugo Ekitike.

After losing with Bayer Leverkusen last year, Real Madrid boss Xabi Alonso returns to Anfield once again, with his team in white-hot form. Having swept aside Marseille, Kairat and Juventus in the Champions League, Los Blancos have also seized control of LaLiga’s title race. Last week, they followed up their Clasico win against Barcelona with a 4-0 victory over Valencia; all but one of 14 games this season have now ended in triumph. The sole setback was a 5-2 derby loss to Atletico Madrid, who Liverpool have already beaten.

Two European giants cross paths again, after Liverpool beat Real Madrid 2-0 at Anfield in last season’s league phase, finally ending an eight-game losing run against Los Blancos. The Reds come into this contest after avoiding a fifth consecutive defeat in the Premier League, with Saturday’s victory over Aston Villa marking just their second win from eight games. The only other success during that dip was an emphatic Champions League thumping of Eintracht Frankfurt: Liverpool’s 5-1 win last month took them onto six points from a possible nine.

Hello and welcome to live coverage of today's Champions League clash between familiar foes Liverpool and Real Madrid!